add 0.35 changelog (#4682)
QCoDeS/Qcodes: docs/changes/0.35.0.rst

QCoDeS 0.35.0 (2022-10-03)
==========================

**NOTE**: this release includes changes from :doc:`0.35.0b1`,

> refer to the that changelog for details of those changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to that changelog for details of those changes.
```

one level deep. I.e. ``from qcodes.instrument import InstrumentChannel`` is supported but
``f`rom qcodes.instrument.channel import InstrumentChannel`` is considered unsupported.

Importing from previously existing locations should continue to work
but it is recommended to update to the new API.
In the future we may deprecate and eventually remove these modules
but no firm date is set for this.

Please report any issues you may see with importing from the previously existing API
or if you depend on any functions, classes etc. not available from the new public API.

This release also includes a significant but still incomplete refactoring of the QCoDeS
instrument drivers in ``qcodes.instrument_drivers``. Many but not all drivers have been updated
to use names that conform to the standard documented
`here <../examples/writing_drivers/Creating-Instrument-Drivers.ipynb#Naming-the-Instrument-class>`__
i.e. they use CamelCase as other classes and are named as ``InstrumentvendorModel``
and are importable directly from the instrument vendor module i.e.
``from qcodes.instrument_drivers.AimTTi import AimTTiPL068P`` .

> As above aliases for older names are put in place unless explicitly
> documented otherwise. In the future we may deprecate and eventually remove these classes
> but no firm date is set for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older names for the classes are still importable from their original places unless explicitly
documented otherwise. In the future we may deprecate and eventually remove the instrument driver classes whos names don't conform to the standard,
but no firm date is set for this.
```
